fix(curriculum): change the word "property" to "attribute" (#46650)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-basic-css-by-building-a-cafe-menu/5f4701b942c824109626c3d8.md

# --hints--

> You should apply the `class="bottom-line"` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add the `class` attribute with the value `bottom-line`.
```
